Add authorization_details field to consent requested details (#142)
auth0/Guardian.swift: README.md

}
```

#### Authorization Details

> If Rich Authorization Rich Authorization Requests are being used, the consent record will contains the `authorization_details` values from the initial authenication request ([RFC 9396](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc9396)) for rendering to the user for consent. You can access them in the `authorizationDetails` property of the requested details object which returns an array of objects containing each of the types. `authorization_details` values are essentially arbitary JSON objects but are guaranteed to have a `type` property which must be pre-registered with the Authorization Server. As such the can be queried in a dynamic manner like you might with JSON. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Rich Authorization Rich Authorization Requests are being used, the consent record will contain the `authorization_details` values from the initial authentication request ([RFC 9396](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc9396)) for rendering to the user for consent. You can access them in the `authorizationDetails` property of the requested details object which returns an array of objects containing each of the types. `authorization_details` values are essentially arbitary JSON objects but are guaranteed to have a `type` property which must be pre-registered with the Authorization Server. As such the can be queried in a dynamic manner like you might with JSON. 
```

```swift
let requestedDetails: ConsentRequestedDetails = payload.requestedDetails

let myAuthorizationDetailsTypes = requestedDetails.authorizationDetails[0].objectValue!;
let type = myAuthorizationDetailsTypes["type"]?.stringValue // Your pre-registered type value
let stringProperty = myAuthorizationDetailsTypes["string_property"]?.stringValue
let boolProperty = myAuthorizationDetailsTypes["bool_property"]?.boolValue
let numericProperty = myAuthorizationDetailsTypes["numeric_property"]?.doubleValue
let nestedObjectProperty = myAuthorizationDetailsTypes["nested_property"]?.objectValue
let nestedArrayProperty = myAuthorizationDetailsTypes["nested_array_property"]?.arrayValue

```

> Typically the shape and type of `authorization_details` will be known at compile time. In such a case, `authorization_details` can be queried in a strongly-typed manor by first defining a `Decodable` struct to represent your object and making use of the `filterAuthorizationDetailsByType` helper function, which will return all authorization details that match this type. (Note: this function will ignore values that do not match this type, care should be taken to ensure all provided authorization details are presented to the end-user for consent)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Typically the shape and type of `authorization_details` will be known at compile time. In such a case, `authorization_details` can be queried in a strongly-typed manner by first defining a `Decodable` struct to represent your object and making use of the `filterAuthorizationDetailsByType` helper function, which will return all authorization details that match this type. (Note: this function will ignore values that do not match this type, care should be taken to ensure all provided authorization details are presented to the end-user for consent)
```
